The Otis elevator climbing the south pillar of the Eiffel Tower was overflowing with
tourists. Inside the cramped lift, an austere businessman in a pressed suit gazed down at
the boy beside him. “You look pale, son. You should have stayed on the ground.”
“I’m okay . . .” the boy answered, struggling to control his anxiety. “I’ll get out on the
next level.” I can’t breathe.
The man leaned closer. “I thought by now you would have gotten over this.” He brushed
the child’s cheek affectionately.
The boy felt ashamed to disappoint his father, but he could barely hear through the
ringing in his ears. I can’t breathe. I’ve got to get out of this box!
The elevator operator was saying something reassuring about the lift’s articulated pistons
and puddled-iron construction. Far beneath them, the streets of Paris stretched out in all
directions.
Almost there, the boy told himself, craning his neck and looking up at the unloading
platform. Just hold on.
As the lift angled steeply toward the upper viewing deck, the shaft began to narrow, its
massive struts contracting into a tight, vertical tunnel.
“Dad, I don’t think—”
Suddenly a staccato crack echoed overhead. The carriage jerked, swaying awkwardly to
one side. Frayed cables began whipping around the carriage, thrashing like snakes. The
boy reached out for his father.
“Dad!”
Their eyes locked for one terrifying second.
Then the bottom dropped out.
Robert Langdon jolted upright in his soft leather seat, startling out of the semiconscious
daydream. He was sitting all alone in the enormous cabin of a Falcon 2000EX corporate
jet as it bounced its way through turbulence. In the background, the dual Pratt & Whitney
engines hummed evenly.
“Mr. Langdon?” The intercom crackled overhead. “We’re on final approach.” 
Langdon sat up straight and slid his lecture notes back into his leather daybag. He’d been
halfway through reviewing Masonic symbology when his mind had drifted. The
daydream about his late father, Langdon suspected, had been stirred by this morning’s
unexpected invitation from Langdon’s longtime mentor, Peter Solomon.
The other man I never want to disappoint.
The fifty-eight-year-old philanthropist, historian, and scientist had taken Langdon under
his wing nearly thirty years ago, in many ways filling the void left by Langdon’s father’s
death. Despite the man’s influential family dynasty and massive wealth, Langdon had
found humility and warmth in Solomon’s soft gray eyes.
Outside the window the sun had set, but Langdon could still make out the slender
silhouette of the world’s largest obelisk, rising on the horizon like the spire of an ancient
gnomon. The 555-foot marble-faced obelisk marked this nation’s heart. All around the
spire, the meticulous geometry of streets and monuments radiated outward.
Even from the air, Washington, D.C., exuded an almost mystical power.
Langdon loved this city, and as the jet touched down, he felt a rising excitement about
what lay ahead. The jet taxied to a private terminal somewhere in the vast expanse of
Dulles International Airport and came to a stop.
Langdon gathered his things, thanked the pilots, and stepped out of the jet’s luxurious
interior onto the foldout staircase. The cold January air felt liberating.
Breathe, Robert, he thought, appreciating the wide-open spaces.
A blanket of white fog crept across the runway, and Langdon had the sensation he was
stepping into a marsh as he descended onto the misty tarmac.
“Hello! Hello!” a singsong British voice shouted from across the tarmac. “Professor
Langdon?”
Langdon looked up to see a middle-aged woman with a badge and clipboard hurrying
toward him, waving happily as he approached. Curly blond hair protruded from under a
stylish knit wool hat.
“Welcome to Washington, sir!”
Langdon smiled. “Thank you.”
“My name is Pam, from passenger services.” The woman spoke with an exuberance that
was almost unsettling. “If you’ll come with me, sir, your car is waiting.”
Langdon followed her across the runway toward the Signature terminal, which was 
surrounded by glistening private jets. A taxi stand for the rich and famous.
“I hate to embarrass you, Professor,” the woman said, sounding sheepish, “but you are
the Robert Langdon who writes books about symbols and religion, aren’t you?”
Langdon hesitated and then nodded.
“I thought so!” she said, beaming. “My book group read your book about the sacred
feminine and the church! What a delicious scandal that one caused! You do enjoy putting
the fox in the henhouse!”
Langdon smiled. “Scandal wasn’t really my intention.”
The woman seemed to sense Langdon was not in the mood to discuss his work. “I’m
sorry. Listen to me rattling on. I know you probably get tired of being recognized . . . but
it’s your own fault.” She playfully motioned to his clothing. “Your uniform gave you
away.”
My uniform? Langdon glanced down at his attire. He was wearing his usual charcoal
turtleneck, Harris Tweed jacket, khakis, and collegiate cordovan loafers . . . his standard
attire for the classroom, lecture circuit, author photos, and social events.
The woman laughed. “Those turtlenecks you wear are so dated. You’d look much sharper
in a tie!”
No chance, Langdon thought. Little nooses.
Neckties had been required six days a week when Langdon attended Phillips Exeter
Academy, and despite the headmaster’s romantic claims that the origin of the cravat went
back to the silk fascalia worn by Roman orators to warm their vocal cords, Langdon
knew that, etymologically, cravat actually derived from a ruthless band of “Croat”
mercenaries who donned knotted neckerchiefs before they stormed into battle. To this
day, this ancient battle garb was donned by modern office warriors hoping to intimidate
their enemies in daily boardroom battles.
“Thanks for the advice,” Langdon said with a chuckle. “I’ll consider a tie in the future.”
Mercifully, a professional-looking man in a dark suit got out of a sleek Lincoln Town Car
parked near the terminal and held up his finger. “Mr. Langdon? I’m Charles with Beltway
Limousine.” He opened the passenger door. “Good evening, sir. Welcome to
Washington.”
Langdon tipped Pam for her hospitality and then climbed into the plush interior of the
Town Car. The driver showed him the temperature controls, the bottled water, and the
basket of hot muffins. Seconds later, Langdon was speeding away on a private access
road. So this is how the other half lives.
As the driver gunned the car up Windsock Drive, he consulted his passenger manifest and
placed a quick call. “This is Beltway Limousine,” the driver said with professional
efficiency. “I was asked to confirm once my passenger had landed.” He paused. “Yes, sir.
Your guest, Mr. Langdon, has arrived, and I will deliver him to the Capitol Building by
seven P.M. You’re welcome, sir.” He hung up.
Langdon had to smile. No stone left unturned. Peter Solomon’s attention to detail was one
of his most potent assets, allowing him to manage his substantial power with apparent
ease. A few billion dollars in the bank doesn’t hurt either.
Langdon settled into the plush leather seat and closed his eyes as the noise of the airport
faded behind him. The U.S. Capitol was a half hour away, and he appreciated the time
alone to gather his thoughts. Everything had happened so quickly today that Langdon
only now had begun to think in earnest about the incredible evening that lay ahead.
Arriving under a veil of secrecy, Langdon thought, amused by the prospect.
Ten miles from the Capitol Building, a lone figure was eagerly preparing for Robert
Langdon’s arrival. 
The one who called himself Mal’akh pressed the tip of the needle against his shaved
head, sighing with pleasure as the sharp tool plunged in and out of his flesh. The soft hum
of the electric device was addictive . . . as was the bite of the needle sliding deep into his
dermis and depositing its dye.
I am a masterpiece.
The goal of tattooing was never beauty. The goal was change. From the scarified Nubian
priests of 2000 B.C., to the tattooed acolytes of the Cybele cult of ancient Rome, to the
moko scars of the modern Maori, humans have tattooed themselves as a way of offering
up their bodies in partial sacrifice, enduring the physical pain of embellishment and
emerging changed beings.
Despite the ominous admonitions of Leviticus 19:28, which forbade the marking of one’s
flesh, tattoos had become a rite of passage shared by millions of people in the modern
age—everyone from clean-cut teenagers to hard-core drug users to suburban housewives. 
The act of tattooing one’s skin was a transformative declaration of power, an
announcement to the world: I am in control of my own flesh. The intoxicating feeling of
control derived from physical transformation had addicted millions to flesh-altering
practices . . . cosmetic surgery, body piercing, bodybuilding, and steroids . . . even
bulimia and transgendering. The human spirit craves mastery over its carnal shell.
A single bell chimed on Mal’akh’s grandfather clock, and he looked up. Six thirty P.M.
Leaving his tools, he wrapped the Kiryu silk robe around his naked, six-foot-three body
and strode down the hall. The air inside this sprawling mansion was heavy with the
pungent fragrance of his skin dyes and smoke from the beeswax candles he used to
sterilize his needles. The towering young man moved down the corridor past priceless
Italian antiques—a Piranesi etching, a Savonarola chair, a silver Bugarini oil lamp.
He glanced through a floor-to-ceiling window as he passed, admiring the classical skyline
in the distance. The luminous dome of the U.S. Capitol glowed with solemn power
against the dark winter sky.
This is where it is hidden, he thought. It is buried out there somewhere.
Few men knew it existed . . . and even fewer knew its awesome power or the ingenious
way in which it had been hidden. To this day, it remained this country’s greatest untold
secret. Those few who did know the truth kept it hidden behind a veil of symbols,
legends, and allegory.
Now they have opened their doors to me, Mal’akh thought.
Three weeks ago, in a dark ritual witnessed by America’s most influential men, Mal’akh
had ascended to the thirty-third degree, the highest echelon of the world’s oldest
surviving brotherhood. Despite Mal’akh’s new rank, the brethren had told him nothing.
Nor will they, he knew. That was not how it worked. There were circles within circles . . .
brotherhoods within brotherhoods. Even if Mal’akh waited years, he might never earn
their ultimate trust.
Fortunately, he did not need their trust to obtain their deepest secret.
My initiation served its purpose.
Now, energized by what lay ahead, he strode toward his bedroom. Throughout his entire
home, audio speakers broadcast the eerie strains of a rare recording of a castrato singing
the “Lux Aeterna” from the Verdi Requiem—a reminder of a previous life. Mal’akh
touched a remote control to bring on the thundering “Dies Irae.” Then, against a backdrop
of crashing timpani and parallel fifths, he bounded up the marble staircase, his robe
billowing as he ascended on sinewy legs.
As he ran, his empty stomach growled in protest. For two days now, Mal’akh had fasted,
consuming only water, preparing his body in accordance with the ancient ways. Your 
hunger will be satisfied by dawn, he reminded himself. Along with your pain.
Mal’akh entered his bedroom sanctuary with reverence, locking the door behind him. As
he moved toward his dressing area, he paused, feeling himself drawn to the enormous
gilded mirror. Unable to resist, he turned and faced his own reflection. Slowly, as if
unwrapping a priceless gift, Mal’akh opened his robe to unveil his naked form. The
vision awed him.
I am a masterpiece.
His massive body was shaved and smooth. He lowered his gaze first to his feet, which
were tattooed with the scales and talons of a hawk. Above that, his muscular legs were
tattooed as carved pillars—his left leg spiraled and his right vertically striated. Boaz and
Jachin. His groin and abdomen formed a decorated archway, above which his powerful
chest was emblazoned with the double-headed phoenix . . . each head in profile with its
visible eye formed by one of Mal’akh’s nipples. His shoulders, neck, face, and shaved
head were completely covered with an intricate tapestry of ancient symbols and sigils.
I am an artifact . . . an evolving icon.
One mortal man had seen Mal’akh naked, eighteen hours earlier. The man had shouted in
fear. “Good God, you’re a demon!”
“If you perceive me as such,” Mal’akh had replied, understanding as had the ancients that
angels and demons were identical—interchangeable archetypes—all a matter of polarity:
the guardian angel who conquered your enemy in battle was perceived by your enemy as
a demon destroyer.
Mal’akh tipped his face down now and got an oblique view of the top of his head. There,
within the crownlike halo, shone a small circle of pale, untattooed flesh. This carefully
guarded canvas was Mal’akh’s only remaining piece of virgin skin. The sacred space had
waited patiently . . . and tonight, it would be filled. Although Mal’akh did not yet possess
what he required to complete his masterpiece, he knew the moment was fast approaching.
Exhilarated by his reflection, he could already feel his power growing. He closed his robe
and walked to the window, again gazing out at the mystical city before him. It is buried
out there somewhere.
Refocusing on the task at hand, Mal’akh went to his dressing table and carefully applied a
base of concealer makeup to his face, scalp, and neck until his tattoos had disappeared.
Then he donned the special set of clothing and other items he had meticulously prepared
for this evening. When he finished, he checked himself in the mirror. Satisfied, he ran a
soft palm across his smooth scalp and smiled.
It is out there, he thought. And tonight, one man will help me find it.
As Mal’akh exited his home, he prepared himself for the event that would soon shake the
U.S. Capitol Building. He had gone to enormous lengths to arrange all the pieces for
tonight.
And now, at last, his final pawn had entered the game. 
Robert Langdon was busy reviewing his note cards when the hum of the Town Car’s
tires changed pitch on the road beneath him. Langdon glanced up, surprised to see where
they were.
Memorial Bridge already?
He put down his notes and gazed out at the calm waters of the Potomac passing beneath
him. A heavy mist hovered on the surface. Aptly named, Foggy Bottom had always
seemed a peculiar site on which to build the nation’s capital. Of all the places in the New
World, the forefathers had chosen a soggy riverside marsh on which to lay the
cornerstone of their utopian society.
Langdon gazed left, across the Tidal Basin, toward the gracefully rounded silhouette of
the Jefferson Memorial—America’s Pantheon, as many called it. Directly in front of the
car, the Lincoln Memorial rose with rigid austerity, its orthogonal lines reminiscent of
Athens’s ancient Parthenon. But it was farther away that Langdon saw the city’s
centerpiece—the same spire he had seen from the air. Its architectural inspiration was far,
far older than the Romans or the Greeks.
America’s Egyptian obelisk.
The monolithic spire of the Washington Monument loomed dead ahead, illuminated
against the sky like the majestic mast of a ship. From Langdon’s oblique angle, the
obelisk appeared ungrounded tonight . . . swaying against the dreary sky as if on an
unsteady sea. Langdon felt similarly ungrounded. His visit to Washington had been
utterly unexpected. I woke up this morning anticipating a quiet Sunday at home . . . and
now I’m a few minutes away from the U.S. Capitol.
This morning at four forty-five, Langdon had plunged into dead-calm water, beginning
his day as he always did, swimming fifty laps in the deserted Harvard Pool. His physique
was not quite what it had been in his college days as a water-polo all-American, but he
was still lean and toned, respectable for a man in his forties. The only difference now was 
the amount of effort it took Langdon to keep it that way.
When Langdon arrived home around six, he began his morning ritual of hand-grinding
Sumatra coffee beans and savoring the exotic scent that filled his kitchen. This morning,
however, he was surprised to see the blinking red light on his voice-mail display. Who
calls at six A.M. on a Sunday? He pressed the button and listened to the message.
“Good morning, Professor Langdon, I’m terribly sorry for this early-morning call.” The
polite voice was noticeably hesitant, with a hint of a southern accent. “My name is
Anthony Jelbart, and I’m Peter Solomon’s executive assistant. Mr. Solomon told me
you’re an early riser . . . he has been trying to reach you this morning on short notice. As
soon as you receive this message, would you be so kind as to call Peter directly? You
probably have his new private line, but if not, it’s 202-329-5746.”
Langdon felt a sudden concern for his old friend. Peter Solomon was impeccably wellbred
and courteous, and certainly not the kind of man to call at daybreak on a Sunday
unless something was very wrong.
Langdon left his coffee half made and hurried toward his study to return the call.
I hope he’s okay.
Peter Solomon had been a friend, mentor, and, although only twelve years Langdon’s
senior, a father figure to him ever since their first meeting at Princeton University. As a
sophomore, Langdon had been required to attend an evening guest lecture by the wellknown
young historian and philanthropist. Solomon had spoken with a contagious
passion, presenting a dazzling vision of semiotics and archetypal history that had sparked
in Langdon what would later become his lifelong passion for symbols. It was not Peter
Solomon’s brilliance, however, but the humility in his gentle gray eyes that had given
Langdon the courage to write him a thank-you letter. The young sophomore had never
dreamed that Peter Solomon, one of America’s wealthiest and most intriguing young
intellectuals, would ever write back. But Solomon did. And it had been the beginning of a
truly gratifying friendship.
A prominent academic whose quiet manner belied his powerful heritage, Peter Solomon
came from the ultrawealthy Solomon family, whose names appeared on buildings and
universities all over the nation. Like the Rothschilds in Europe, the surname Solomon had
always carried the mystique of American royalty and success. Peter had inherited the
mantle at a young age after the death of his father, and now, at fifty-eight, he had held
numerous positions of power in his life. He currently served as the head of the
Smithsonian Institution. Langdon occasionally ribbed Peter that the lone tarnish on his
sterling pedigree was his diploma from a second-rate university—Yale.
Now, as Langdon entered his study, he was surprised to see that he had received a fax
from Peter as well. 
Peter Solomon
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
Good morning, Robert,
I need to speak with you at once. Please call me this morning as soon as you can at
202-329-5746.
Peter
Langdon immediately dialed the number, sitting down at his hand-carved oak desk to
wait as the call went through.
“Office of Peter Solomon,” the familiar voice of the assistant answered. “This is
Anthony. May I help you?”
“Hello, this is Robert Langdon. You left me a message earlier—”
“Yes, Professor Langdon!” The young man sounded relieved. “Thank you for calling
back so quickly. Mr. Solomon is eager to speak to you. Let me tell him you’re on the line.
May I put you on hold?”
“Of course.”
As Langdon waited for Solomon to get on the line, he gazed down at Peter’s name atop
the Smithsonian letterhead and had to smile. Not many slackers in the Solomon clan.
Peter’s ancestral tree burgeoned with the names of wealthy business magnates, influential
politicians, and a number of distinguished scientists, some even fellows of London’s
Royal Society. Solomon’s only living family member, his younger sister, Katherine, had
apparently inherited the science gene, because she was now a leading figure in a new
cutting-edge discipline called Noetic Science.
All Greek to me, Langdon thought, amused to recall Katherine’s unsuccessful attempt to
explain Noetic Science to him at a party at her brother’s home last year. Langdon had
listened carefully and then replied, “Sounds more like magic than science.”
Katherine winked playfully. “They’re closer than you think, Robert.”
Now Solomon’s assistant returned to the phone. “I’m sorry, Mr. Solomon is trying to get
off a conference call. Things are a little chaotic here this morning.”
“That’s not a problem. I can easily call back.” 
“Actually, he asked me to fill you in on his reason for contacting you, if you don’t
mind?”
“Of course not.”
The assistant inhaled deeply. “As you probably know, Professor, every year here in
Washington, the board of the Smithsonian hosts a private gala to thank our most generous
supporters. Many of the country’s cultural elite attend.”
Langdon knew his own bank account had too few zeros to qualify him as culturally elite,
but he wondered if maybe Solomon was going to invite him to attend nonetheless.
“This year, as is customary,” the assistant continued, “the dinner will be preceded by a
keynote address. We’ve been lucky enough to secure the National Statuary Hall for that
speech.”
The best room in all of D.C., Langdon thought, recalling a political lecture he had once
attended in the dramatic semicircular hall. It was hard to forget five hundred folding
chairs splayed in a perfect arc, surrounded by thirty-eight life-size statues, in a room that
had once served as the nation’s original House of Representatives chamber.
“The problem is this,” the man said. “Our speaker has fallen ill and has just informed us
she will be unable to give the address.” He paused awkwardly. “This means we are
desperate for a replacement speaker. And Mr. Solomon is hoping you would consider
filling in.”
Langdon did a double take. “Me?” This was not at all what he had expected. “I’m sure
Peter could find a far better substitute.”
“You’re Mr. Solomon’s first choice, Professor, and you’re being much too modest. The
institution’s guests would be thrilled to hear from you, and Mr. Solomon thought you
could give the same lecture you gave on Bookspan TV a few years back? That way, you
wouldn’t have to prepare a thing. He said your talk involved symbolism in the
architecture of our nation’s capital—it sounds absolutely perfect for the venue.”
Langdon was not so sure. “If I recall, that lecture had more to do with the Masonic
history of the building than—”
“Exactly! As you know, Mr. Solomon is a Mason, as are many of his professional friends
who will be in attendance. I’m sure they would love to hear you speak on the topic.”
I admit it would be easy. Langdon had kept the lecture notes from every talk he’d ever
given. “I suppose I could consider it. What date is the event?”
The assistant cleared his throat, sounding suddenly uncomfortable. “Well, actually, sir,
it’s tonight.” 
Langdon laughed out loud. “Tonight?!”
“That’s why it’s so hectic here this morning. The Smithsonian is in a deeply
embarrassing predicament . . .” The assistant spoke more hurriedly now. “Mr. Solomon is
ready to send a private jet to Boston for you. The flight is only an hour, and you would be
back home before midnight. You’re familiar with the private air terminal at Boston’s
Logan Airport?”
“I am,” Langdon admitted reluctantly. No wonder Peter always gets his way.
“Wonderful! Would you be willing to meet the jet there at say . . . five o’clock?”
“You haven’t left me much choice, have you?” Langdon chuckled.
“I just want to make Mr. Solomon happy, sir.”
Peter has that effect on people. Langdon considered it a long moment, seeing no way out.
“All right. Tell him I can do it.”
“Outstanding!” the assistant exclaimed, sounding deeply relieved. He gave Langdon the
jet’s tail number and various other information.
When Langdon finally hung up, he wondered if Peter Solomon had ever been told no.
Returning to his coffee preparation, Langdon scooped some additional beans into the
grinder. A little extra caffeine this morning, he thought. It’s going to be a long day.
The U.S. Capitol Building stands regally at the eastern end of the National Mall, on a
raised plateau that city designer Pierre L’Enfant described as “a pedestal waiting for a
monument.” The Capitol’s massive footprint measures more than 750 feet in length and
350 feet deep. Housing more than sixteen acres of floor space, it contains an astonishing
541 rooms. The neoclassical architecture is meticulously designed to echo the grandeur
of ancient Rome, whose ideals were the inspiration for America’s founders in
establishing the laws and culture of the new republic.
The new security checkpoint for tourists entering the Capitol Building is located deep
within the recently completed subterranean visitor center, beneath a magnificent glass 
skylight that frames the Capitol Dome. Newly hired security guard Alfonso Nuñez
carefully studied the male visitor now approaching his checkpoint. The man had a shaved
head and had been lingering in the lobby, completing a phone call before entering the
building. His right arm was in a sling, and he moved with a slight limp. He was wearing a
tattered army-navy surplus coat, which, combined with his shaved head, made Nuñez
guess military. Those who had served in the U.S. armed forces were among the most
common visitors to Washington.
“Good evening, sir,” Nuñez said, following the security protocol of verbally engaging
any male visitor who entered alone.
“Hello,” the visitor said, glancing around at the nearly deserted entry. “Quiet night.”
“NFC play-offs,” Nuñez replied. “Everyone’s watching the Redskins tonight.” Nuñez
wished he were, too, but this was his first month on the job, and he’d drawn the short
straw. “Metal objects in the dish, please.”
As the visitor fumbled to empty the pockets of his long coat with his one working hand,
Nuñez watched him carefully. Human instinct made special allowances for the injured
and handicapped, but it was an instinct Nuñez had been trained to override.
Nuñez waited while the visitor removed from his pockets the usual assortment of loose
change, keys, and a couple of cell phones. “Sprain?” Nuñez asked, eyeing the man’s
injured hand, which appeared to be wrapped in a series of thick Ace bandages.
The bald man nodded. “Slipped on the ice. A week ago. Still hurts like hell.”
“Sorry to hear that. Walk through, please.”
The visitor limped through the detector, and the machine buzzed in protest.
The visitor frowned. “I was afraid of that. I’m wearing a ring under these bandages. My
finger was too swollen to get it off, so the doctors wrapped right over it.”
“No problem,” Nuñez said. “I’ll use the wand.”
Nuñez ran the metal-detection wand over the visitor’s wrapped hand. As expected, the
only metal he detected was a large lump on the man’s injured ring finger. Nuñez took his
time rubbing the metal detector over every inch of the man’s sling and finger. He knew
his supervisor was probably monitoring him on the closed circuit in the building’s
security center, and Nuñez needed this job. Always better to be cautious. He carefully slid
the wand up inside the man’s sling.
The visitor winced in pain.
“Sorry.” 
“It’s okay,” the man said. “You can’t be too careful these days.”
“Ain’t that the truth.” Nuñez liked this guy. Strangely, that counted for a lot around here.
Human instinct was America’s first line of defense against terrorism. It was a proven fact
that human intuition was a more accurate detector of danger than all the electronic gear in
the world—the gift of fear, as one of their security reference books termed it.
In this case, Nuñez’s instincts sensed nothing that caused him any fear. The only oddity
that he noticed, now that they were standing so close, was that this tough-looking guy
appeared to have used some kind of self-tanner or concealer makeup on his face.
Whatever. Everyone hates to be pale in the winter.
“You’re fine,” Nuñez said, completing his sweep and stowing the wand.
“Thanks.” The man started collecting his belongings from the tray.
As he did, Nuñez noticed that the two fingers protruding from his bandage each bore a
tattoo; the tip of his index finger bore the image of a crown, and the tip of his thumb bore
that of a star. Seems everyone has tattoos these days, Nuñez thought, although the pads of
his fingertips seemed like painful spots to get them. “Those tats hurt?”
The man glanced down at his fingertips and chuckled. “Less than you might think.”
“Lucky,” Nuñez said. “Mine hurt a lot. I got a mermaid on my back when I was in boot
camp.”
“A mermaid?” The bald man chuckled.
“Yeah,” he said, feeling sheepish. “The mistakes we make in our youth.”
“I hear you,” the bald man said. “I made a big mistake in my youth, too. Now I wake up
with her every morning.”
They both laughed as the man headed off.
Child’s play, Mal’akh thought as he moved past Nuñez and up the escalator toward the
Capitol Building. The entry had been easier than anticipated. Mal’akh’s slouching
posture and padded belly had hidden his true physique, while the makeup on his face and
hands had hidden the tattoos that covered his body. The true genius, however, was the
sling, which disguised the potent object Mal’akh was transporting into the building.
A gift for the one man on earth who can help me obtain what I seek.
The world’s largest and most technologically advanced museum is also one of the
world’s best-kept secrets. It houses more pieces than the Hermitage, the Vatican
Museum, and the New York Metropolitan . . . combined. Yet despite its magnificent
collection, few members of the public are ever invited inside its heavily guarded walls.
Located at 4210 Silver Hill Road just outside of Washington, D.C., the museum is a
massive zigzag-shaped edifice constructed of five interconnected pods—each pod larger
than a football field. The building’s bluish metal exterior barely hints at the strangeness
within—a six-hundred-thousand-square-foot alien world that contains a “dead zone,” a
“wet pod,” and more than twelve miles of storage cabinets.
Tonight, scientist Katherine Solomon was feeling unsettled as she drove her white Volvo
up to the building’s main security gate.
The guard smiled. “Not a football fan, Ms. Solomon?” He lowered the volume on the
Redskins play-off pregame show.
Katherine forced a tense smile. “It’s Sunday night.”
“Oh, that’s right. Your meeting.”
“Is he here yet?” she asked anxiously.
He glanced down at his paperwork. “I don’t see him on the log.”
“I’m early.” Katherine gave a friendly wave and continued up the winding access road to
her usual parking spot at the bottom of the small, two-tiered lot. She began collecting her
things and gave herself a quick check in the rearview mirror—more out of force of habit
than actual vanity.
Katherine Solomon had been blessed with the resilient Mediterranean skin of her
ancestry, and even at fifty years old she had a smooth olive complexion. She used almost
no makeup and wore her thick black hair unstyled and down. Like her older brother,
Peter, she had gray eyes and a slender, patrician elegance.
You two might as well be twins, people often told them.
Their father had succumbed to cancer when Katherine was only seven, and she had little
memory of him. Her brother, eight years Katherine’s senior and only fifteen when their 
father died, had begun his journey toward becoming the Solomon patriarch much sooner
than anyone had ever dreamed. As expected, though, Peter had grown into the role with
the dignity and strength befitting their family name. To this day, he still watched over
Katherine as though they were just kids.
Despite her brother’s occasional prodding, and no shortage of suitors, Katherine had
never married. Science had become her life partner, and her work had proven more
fulfilling and exciting than any man could ever hope to be. Katherine had no regrets.
Her field of choice—Noetic Science—had been virtually unknown when she first heard
of it, but in recent years it had started opening new doors of understanding into the power
of the human mind.
Our untapped potential is truly shocking.
Katherine’s two books on Noetics had established her as a leader in this obscure field, but
her most recent discoveries, when published, promised to make Noetic Science a topic of
mainstream conversation around the world.
Tonight, however, science was the last thing on her mind. Earlier in the day, she had
received some truly upsetting information relating to her brother. I still can’t believe it’s
true. She’d thought of nothing else all afternoon.
A pattering of light rain drummed on her windshield, and Katherine quickly gathered her
things to get inside. She was about to step out of her car when her cell phone rang.
She checked the caller ID and inhaled deeply.
Then she tucked her hair behind her ears and settled in to take the call.
Six miles away, Mal’akh was moving through the corridors of the U.S. Capitol Building
with a cell phone pressed to his ear. He waited patiently as the line rang.
Finally, a woman’s voice answered. “Yes?”
“We need to meet again,” Mal’akh said.
There was a long pause. “Is everything all right?”
“I have new information,” Mal’akh said.
“Tell me.”
Mal’akh took a deep breath. “That which your brother believes is hidden in D.C. . . . ?”
“Yes?” 
“It can be found.”
Katherine Solomon sounded stunned. “You’re telling me—it is real?”
Mal’akh smiled to himself. “Sometimes a legend that endures for centuries . . . endures
for a reason.” 